README.md, before:

# Welcome to my github profile ! 




## About Me : 
I am a Master 2 student at ENSAE Paris (National School of Statistics and Economic Administration, specialized in statistics, economics and financial engineering) enrolled in a double degree with HEC Paris. In parallel, I am undertaking the MVA, a research Master in mathematics for AI at ENS Paris-Saclay. 

I am interested in DJing and electronic music, statistics and mathematics, economics, cryptos and financial markets. 

## Links :
[![linkedin](https://img.shields.io/badge/linkedin-0A66C2?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](www.linkedin.com/in/jlvaleau)

You can contact me at jeanlou.valeau@ensae.fr
## Skills : 
Python, Excel VBA, Microsoft Office


## Projects : 

### Finished projects 

- ENSAE Data Science project : its goal is to identify the characteristics of a video game that impact its success among players.

    It can be found here : https://github.com/jeanlouvaleau/Projet-Python-Data-Science-M1-ENSAE-termin-.git

    Skills developed in this project : Data extraction and cleansing, descriptive statistics, data visualization, introduction to machine learning.

- ENSAE Linear Time Series project (in R) : its goal is to to model the French oil refining industrial production index (IPI) with an ARIMA model.

    It can be found here: https://github.com/Julien-website/STL_Project

    Skills developed in this project : Data Science, Time Series modelization, Rstudio, Econometrics
  

### Current projects 

- ENSAE Applied Statistics projects : This project is conducted throughout the year at ENSAE, under the supervision of P. Dumont, head of Quantitative Volatility Trading at Société Générale. The objective is to quantify the overfitting associated with different machine learning methods applied to the prediction of financial asset returns. We are working with simulated data and aim to eventually identify which ML methods produce the best out-of-sample Sharpe ratio based on various conditions (asset covariance, number of signals used, size of the training sample, signal-to-noise ratio, etc).

## I'm currently working on :

- improving my knowledge in statistics, machine learning and financial engineering

- improving my skills in python 

- learning to mix on vinyl records

- improving my performance in bench press

<!---
jeanlouvaleau/jeanlouvaleau is a ✨ special ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.
You can click the Preview link to take a look at your changes.
--->

Commit message:

Update README with new project details and skills

README.md, after:

# Welcome to my github profile ! 




## About Me : 
I am a Master 2 student at ENSAE Paris (National School of Statistics and Economic Administration, specialized in statistics, economics and financial engineering) enrolled in a double degree with HEC Paris. In parallel, I am undertaking the MVA, a research Master in mathematics for AI at ENS Paris-Saclay. 

I am interested in DJing and electronic music, statistics and mathematics, economics, cryptos and financial markets. 

## Links :
[![linkedin](https://img.shields.io/badge/linkedin-0A66C2?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](www.linkedin.com/in/jlvaleau)

You can contact me at jeanlou.valeau@ensae.fr
## Skills : 
Python, Excel VBA, Microsoft Office


## Projects : 

### Finished projects 

- ENSAE Machine Learning for portfolio management project : the goal was to forecast the US yield curve and compare the performance of simple linear models with that of more complex models like random forests, XGboost or LSTM.
  
    It can be found here: https://github.com/jeanlouvaleau/ML-for-trading-project

    Skills developed : Supervised learning (sklearn and Pytorch) - mostly classification, statistical testing (McNemar tests).
  
- ENSAE Data Science project : its goal is to identify the characteristics of a video game that impact its success among players.

    It can be found here : https://github.com/jeanlouvaleau/Projet-Python-Data-Science-M1-ENSAE-termin-.git

    Skills developed in this project : Data extraction and cleansing, descriptive statistics, data visualization, introduction to machine learning.

- ENSAE Linear Time Series project (in R) : its goal is to to model the French oil refining industrial production index (IPI) with an ARIMA model.

    It can be found here: https://github.com/Julien-website/STL_Project

    Skills developed in this project : Data Science, Time Series modelization, Rstudio, Econometrics.
  

### Current projects 

- ENSAE Applied Statistics projects : This project is conducted throughout the year at ENSAE, under the supervision of P. Dumont, head of Quantitative Volatility Trading at Société Générale. The objective is to quantify the overfitting associated with different machine learning methods applied to the prediction of financial asset returns. We are working with simulated data and aim to eventually identify which ML methods produce the best out-of-sample Sharpe ratio based on various conditions (asset covariance, number of signals used, size of the training sample, signal-to-noise ratio, etc).

## I'm currently working on :

- improving my knowledge in statistics, machine learning and financial engineering

- improving my skills in python 

- learning to mix on vinyl records

- improving my performance in bench press

<!---
jeanlouvaleau/jeanlouvaleau is a ✨ special ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.
You can click the Preview link to take a look at your changes.
--->
